Highs
===

1. *Gelato* - Regrets: one gelato a day insufficient, should have bought more gelato.

2. *Fountains* - Rome is well-known for its fountains, most of which are ancient and elaborately decorated. Though few are as huge or elaborate as the big tourist attractions like the Trevi fountain and the Four Rivers fountain, 

3. *The Dome Climb at [St Peter's]* - I was a little skeptical of this one at first. You climb some stairs, you look down on the church interior, and that's about it, right? While the entry fee was nowhere near as disgusting as the one for the Empire State Building, it sounded like this was going to be a similar fifteen-minute "go up and look at the thing, then come back down" sort of thing. But, while that description of the dome climb is mostly accurate, this ended up being a way cooler experience than I was expecting. First of all, climbing up into the dome lets you get a close look at a lot of artwork you can't see clearly from ground level, including the huge mural on the interior of the dome itself. Walking the narrow catwalk around the base of the dome you can actually run your hand over huge mosaics on the wall next to you. The viewing point on the interior of the dome is actually only the first stop on the climb, though; there's another, higher level that lets you out on the exterior instead, where there are fantastic views of Vatican City, St. Peter's Square, and Rome out across the river. This is one of few opportunities to peer into Vatican City itself, which is walled off and generally not accessible to the public. The day I was there the weather was absolutely perfect, warm but not too warm, with a gentle breeze to take the edge off the any sweat left over from the hike up. And after visiting the exterior of the dome, you're dumped out onto the roof of the basilica, where you can wander for as long as you like, catch a bathroom break and shop or eat at the rooftop restaurant and souvenier shop. All in all, if you can handle the claustrophobic, winding staircase up to the dome (part of the fun, in my opinion), I can't recommend this one enough.

Lows
===

1. *[The Vatican Museums Ticket Website]()* - I wanted to have breakfast at the Vatican Museums, which is a special ticket option that gets you into the museums an hour before they open to the general public, in addition to the actual food. However, this is an online-only ticket option (as is the late night at the museum option, my second choice), and the ticketing web site wouldn't take my card. This marks the first time I've had card problems on my trip and is a [known problem]() that just hasn't been fixed. The line for the museums was outdone only by the Uffizi Gallery in terms of length and was plied by some of the most aggressive ticket hawkers I've encountered, including a number dressed up as museum staff and pretending to be official ticket vendors, which was super gross. The museums themselves were incredibly packed, and it was hard to slow down and appreciate the art because a large number of people were making a beeline for the Sistine Chapel and the crowd flowed with them. Getting to visit early or late would have been *so worth it*, but of course, since this was the attraction where the advance tickets offered the best value out of any I visited, it was the only one where I wasn't actually able to buy them.  

2. *Traffic* - Not getting flattened by a car is one of my favorite travel activities no matter where I'm visiting, and Rome's layout made that unpleasantly difficult. Pedestrian crosswalks are relatively rare, and those that have associated stoplights are even rarer; quite often I'd be following along on Google Maps only to find that it wanted me to cross a jammed four-lane road with only a zebra crossing to . Even if you're at a crosswalk with a light, and a green light at that, you're probably going to be dodging traffic anyway because sixteen Vespas are immediately going to be turning into you.

3. 
